by the television
in these guys we go vinotinto of the
late
hernandez
to leave but I
to me
a month before
do not
i am
yes
the band
has been very important so far in the
complement
the hat there that calm and for the
spend price
we are magnetized in taking
and the others we had at
principle as it conveys that calm to
team missing 10 minutes for the work
to develop whales need a
action and something of the Lord is achieved
result and today venezuela
a great goal
all right
with his temperament conviction of
that says more than a thousand words
but it puts them in a very association
complicated for the last day as
a trainer or I tell you what they will live
the next day of the championship
South American by Argentina does not have
price for the footprint that will leave in
his sports career by tyc sports and
Venezuela